Welcome to your last and final video in this tough cookie self-defense course.
Now, before you go off into your stronger, sweeter, safer, tough cookie life, let's take a step
back and appreciate everything you've done throughout this course.
Look at yourself with the pride of a parent or a mentor like your own inner Mr. Miyagi.
Look at all your hard work and new skills that are already showing up in your life in very real ways.
Go on, stick yourself up on that refrigerator.
Invite all the neighbors over and say, Look at that.
Can you believe what an A-plus that is?
She's so gifted.
Well, you are, I'm sure.
-- proud of you.
You've come a long way.
Cookie, son, and you've grown into quite the capable, durable, unstoppable, tough cookie.
You're one of us now and forever.
And we tough cookies stick together because we've all been there and we all want to make sure none of
us ever has to be there again.
Well, I daresay we did well, wouldn't you?
It was high time we had some real talk about what it means to defend yourself.
Woman to woman.
So I hope you got as much out of that as I did, and I hope you now see the immense tough cookie power
you have inside you and feel ready to harness it and unleashed it on the world like a geyser or a really
cute but deadly cat.
You are now ready to face any dangers that may come your way.
Protect yourself from harm and navigate any of the possible repercussions that may result in your mental,
physical, emotional or legal realms of your everyday life.
You're ready to use all the tools in your toolbox, your mind, as well as your body, all of the skills
and smarts and senses that you've mastered all the fields.
Remember, it's not about feeling no fear, but learning how to manage it.
True courage isn't the absence of fear, but being afraid and pushing through it anyway.
Hearing it, heating it and breathing through it.
You have fear for a reason.
It can actually be your friend.
It taps you on the shoulder or in your gut when she gets bad and tells you to be careful.
But fear can tend to panic sometimes, too.
Just like the rest of us.
So next time, fear speaks up and makes your stomach do a somersault.
Don't ignore it.
Listen to it.
Make it feel special and heard so it doesn't panic.
What panic does to your body ain't pretty.
And that's how our arch nemesis, Mr. Freeze, takes over.
So keep calm and have a cookie.
Don't run away from fear, but you sure as hell should run away from the thing fear is warning you about,
or, if necessary, find the courage to stand your ground.
Yell at it.
Kick it in the nuts and then run away.
And no matter what happens, remember you're a b c's.
Remember to practice them until you don't have to try and remember them, and you'll be just fine.
Better than fine.
You'll be great.
Gonna have the whole world on a plate.
So go on and have your fill.
Eat your heart out.
Go nuts.
Stand tall and wear your tough cookie power with pride living fully and freely and safely as possible
ever was.
And nobody in all of us know a sale and that there is or was is ever going to be reading.
Now go forth and fight like a girl cookies son.
That's the way the cookie crumbles.